GENKI-SZSL: Faces at different sizes/scales, Labled positions and sizes. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

INTRODUCTION: 

This is the GENKI SZSL (Many sizes and scales) dataset, collected by the 
Machine Perception Laboratory, University of California, San Diego. In contrast
to the GENKI-4K dataset, the images in this set were chosen to equalize scale
of the faces relative to the images. Specifically, from a pool of about 40,000
images, the images in this dataset were chosen so that 1/5th of the faces were
less than 10% of the image width (700 images, chosen randomly from all images
with that property), 1/5th of the faces were 10-20% of the image width, 1/5th
of the faces were 20-30% of the image width, 1/5th of the faces were 30-50% of
the image width, and the remaining 1/5th were 40%+ of the image width. After
being chosen randomly from their appropriate face-size pools, the images were
put into one dataset and given a standard random ordering from 1-3500.

LABELS: 

Each image has three labels: X Position, Y Position, and Size. The position
labels specify the (x,y) coordinates of the center of a square box surrounding
the face. The Size label specifies the diameter of the face box. 

The file "GENKI-SZSL_Labels.txt" contains these labels, and the Nth line of the 
file corresponds to the label for a corresponding image. That image's name
is specified on the Nth line of "GENKI-SZSL_Images.txt", and is linked by the
Nth symbolic link in the files directory:

The "files" directory contains 3500 symbolic links, where file0001.jpg links
to the file named by the first line of GENKI-SZSL_Images.txt, and so on. I.e.
reading in the aliases gives the same images in the same order as that 
specified in GENKI-SZSL_Images.txt.

Each line has the following three integers:
XPOS YPOS SIZE

CITATION: 

We ask that you acknowledge use of this dataset in any papers you publish with the following citation:
	"http://mplab.ucsd.edu, The MPLab GENKI Dataset: GENKI-SZSL Subset."

KNOWN PROPERTIES: 

1) Some duplicate images are included in the dataset. This comes from the fact 
that duplicate images were included in the source dataset that this dataset was 
randomly drawn from. These duplicate images were labeled separately by humans, 
and variation in the labels can give a measure to the normal human variation. 

2) Some images contain multiple faces, but for each image, only one face is 
labeled. 

